[DMS] March release branch, release Thursday 27 (#6603)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/getting_started/config_reader.mdx

### `RW_SERVICE_HOST`

Specifies the URL of the service that will host the migration. Set `RW_SERVICE_HOST` to the domain name or host associated with the HCP ingress.
        

> Derive `RW_SERVICE_HOST` from the `TRANSPORTER_RW_SERVICE_DOMAIN_NAME` you assigned to your instance during installation via the `values.yaml` file and add `/transporter`.

Author: ```suggestion
Derive `RW_SERVICE_HOST` from the `TRANSPORTER_RW_SERVICE_DOMAIN_NAME` that was assigned by the administrators or installers of your HCP instance via the `values.yaml` file, and add `/transporter`.
```
